Satellites doc updates (#2805)
earthly/earthly: docs/cloud/satellites.md

### 2. Purchase a Satellites Plan

Satellites are a paid feature which require a subscription to begin using. The subscription includes a 14-day free trial which can be canceled before any payment is made. Visit the [pricing page](https://earthly.dev/pricing) for more billing details.

> You can start your free trial by using the checkout form below. Be sure to provide the name of your Earthly org from Step 1.

Reviewer: I see that this now includes a new field for the org. I should probably update the automated email in Zapier so that it no longer asks for this.

Author: Yes, I was thinking that too.

## Satellite specs

> Satellites are currently only available in different sizes and architectures. Please see the [Pricing Page](https://earthly.dev/pricing) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Satellites are available in various sizes and architectures. Please see the [Pricing Page](https://earthly.dev/pricing) for more details.
```
